# Aryakul-Group-Of-Colleges
Because Science is the reason of our existence To celebrate the invention and implementation of new technologies with the development of science, and Aryakul Group of Colleges recently celebrated the National Science Day in its campus. The entire nation celebrates 28th February marking the importance of Science and its application in daily life and its need to accelerate the pace of development.  To commemorate the same, a seminar was organized in the college campus with the defined theme of 2019- “Science for the People, People for the Science” in collaboration with Akhil Bhartiya Vidhyarthi Parishad (ABVP) where all the dignitaries not just talked at length about the existence of science in the nation, but also its inevitable role in the overall development of the nation.  The session began with the kind words of Rajeev Johri, the Dean of Aryakul Group of Colleges where he defined the life history of Sir CV Raman., his discoveries, the journey of winning the noble prize followed by a Research Paper Presentation by Dr. Ankit Seth on Alzheimer disease and its cure through natural compositions. Also, taking the session further, K.G. Singh, the Chairman of Aryakul Group of Colleges explained how science is the basis of life. “It is all the result of science that we are here. We are forgetting the true meaning of life in the race of development”, he said. “It is all because of science that our nation is getting recognition worldwide, and we as Indian citizens should try in every aspect to contribute towards the development of science”, said the Director of Aryakul Group of Colleges, Sashakt Singh. Later in the seminar, Manish Gupta, Vice- President of Vyapar Mandal who was the Guest of Honor talked at length about the development of nation and role of science. “The recent air strike was possible only because of science. The roads connecting the country, the illumination of villages, all became possible only because science and technology”, he said. Also, the Chief Guest Shiv Kumar Mishra, professor of CPET elaborated the theme "Science for people and people for science", the result of development in all the sectors of the country. He further discussed the status of education in the contemporary India through his words. The event ended with the vote of thanks by Dr. Ankit Seth and the poster presentation by the students where they portrayed the theme “Science for People, People for Science” through the best possible creativity.
